String Problems
1) Write a Java program to find the duplicate words and their number of occurrences in a string?
2) Write a Java program to count the number of words in a string?
3) Write a Java program to count the total number of occurrences of a given character in a string without using any loop?
4) Write a Java program to reverse a string?
5) Write a Java program to count the number of occurrences of each character in a string?
6) Write a Java program to remove all white spaces from a string?
7) Write a Java program to find duplicate characters in a string?
8) Write a Java program to check whether one string is a rotation of another?
9) Write a Java program to check whether two strings are anagram or not?
10) Write a Java program to reverse a given string with preserving the position of spaces?
11) Write a Java program to reverse each word of a given string?
12) How do you convert string to integer and integer to string in Java?
13) Write a Java program to find the percentage of uppercase letters, lowercase letters, digits and special characters in a given string?
14) Write a Java program to prove that strings are immutable in Java?
15) How do you find longest substring without repeating characters in the given string?
16) How do you swap two string variables without using third or temp variable in Java?
17) Write a Java program to find all permutations of a string?
18) How do you find first repeated and non-repeated character in the given string in Java?
19) Write a Java program to append a given string to a text file?
20) How do you find the number of characters, words and lines in the given text file in Java?
21) How do you find the most repeated word in a text file in Java?
22) How to sort a text file in Java?
23) Palindrome Programs In Java
24) How to reverse a sentence word by word in Java?
25) How to remove all vowels from a string in Java?
26) How to replace a specific string in a text file?
27) Java program to print all sub strings of a string.
28) Program to print common characters between two strings in alphabetical order.
29) Most repetitive character in a string

Array Problems
1) Write a Java program to find duplicate elements in an array?
2) Write a Java program to find second largest element in an array of integers?
3) Write a Java program to check the equality of two arrays?
4) Write a Java program to find all pairs of elements in an integer array whose sum is equal to a given number?
5) Write a Java program to find continuous sub array whose sum is equal to a given number?
6) Write a Java program to find the intersection of two arrays?
7) Write a Java program to separate zeros from non-zeros in an integer array?
8) Write a Java program to find all the leaders in an integer array?
9) Write a Java program to find a missing number in an integer array?
10) Write a Java program to convert an array to ArrayList and an ArrayList to array?
11) Write a Java program to count occurrences of each element in an array?
12) Write a Java program to reverse an array without using an additional array?
13) Write a Java program to remove duplicate elements from an array?
14) Write a Java program to find union and intersection of multiple arrays?
15) Write a Java program to find the most frequent element in an array?
16) Write a Java program to find the minimum absolute difference between any two elements of the given array?
17) How to sort array elements by frequency in Java?
18) How to merge two sorted or unsorted arrays into single sorted array without duplicates in Java?
19) How to merge two unsorted arrays in sorted order in Java?
20) How to merge two sorted arrays in Java?
21) Write a Java program to find smallest and second smallest element in an integer array?
22) Write a Java program to find contiguous sub array with maximum sum?
23) Write a Java program which prints all contiguous sub arrays with given sum?
24) How to sort an array of 0s and 1s in Java?
25) How to sort an array of 0s, 1s and 2s in Java?
26) Write a Java program which finds triplets in the given array whose sum is equal to given number?
27) Write a Java program to find array triplets such that sum of first two elements equals the third element?
28) Array Rotation Program In Java
29) Array Element Removal Programs
30) Arrays.deepToString() method example.